Add NCUObserver (#253)
KernelTuner/kernel_tuner: doc/source/observers.rst

NCUObserver
~~~~~~~~~~~

> The NCUObserver can be used to automatically extract performance counters during tuning using Nvidia's NsightCompute profiler.
> The NCUObserver relies on an intermediate library, which can be found here: https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/nvmetrics

Author: ```suggestion
The NCUObserver can be used to automatically extract performance counters during tuning using Nvidia's CUDA Profiling Tools Interface (CUPTI) library, to offer insights into performance characteristics like memory access patterns and instruction execution statistics. It behaves much like the Nvidia Nsight Compute CLI (ncu) application, hence the name NCUObserver. This observer relies on an intermediate library, which can be found here: https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/nvmetrics
```

Author: I wonder whether we should change the name `NCUObserver` into something like `MetricsObserver`. Eventually, we may want to also support measuring metrics on non-NVIDIA GPUs, and the observer could then pick the right backend based on whatever runner is used.

Now that I mention runners, I never tested this observer with anything else than pycuda. The observer needs CUDA to be at least somewhat initialized. When testing nvmetrics with pycuda everything worked fine, but not using cupy for instance. Maybe we still need to test this (and add the tests?) or at least mention it somewhere.

Reviewer: In terms of naming, I think I would prefer a more generalized NCUObserver a "ProfilingObserver" because we already use the term 'metrics' for the user-defined derived metrics. For now, I think we can keep the name NCUObserver until we have another "ProfilingObserver" and when we have that it would make sense to think about a more generic type.

I will test with cupy and cuda-python.

Reviewer: Not sure how this can happen. The initialization of the nvcuda backend is very similar to pycuda and by the time we call berfore_start() it should have been initialized for a while already.

Reviewer: In the nvcuda backend, I tried to create a new context and destroy it atexit like pycuda is doing, but that doesn't change anything.

Author: I think it's fixed in the nvmerics version that I just pushed (revision c7c42130). It now calls `cuInit`, which doesn't seem to hurt, even if Pycuda already initialized CUDA before. To get a valid CUDA context, `cuDevicePrimaryCtxRetain` is used.

Reviewer: Awesome! I just pulled and rebuilt the nvmetrics library and tested it with every CUDA backend. It all works now!

Author: That's great! I plan to make a 1.0 release of nvmetrics to go along with this MR.
